Revise docs to clarify installation guidance (#638)
shoelace-style/webawesome: docs/docs/customizing.md

## Themes

Web Awesome uses [themes](/docs/themes) to apply a cohesive look and feel across the entire library. Themes are built with a collection of predefined CSS custom properties, which we call [design tokens](/docs/tokens), and there are many premade themes you can choose from.

To use a theme, simply add a link to the theme's stylesheet to the `<head>` of your page. For example, you can replace the link to `default.css` in the [installation code](/docs/installation/#quick-start-autoloading-via-cdn) with this snippet to use the *Awesome* theme:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="{% cdnUrl 'styles/themes/awesome.css' %}" />
```

You can [customize any theme](/docs/themes/creating) just with CSS — no preprocessor required. All design tokens are prefixed with `--wa-` to avoid collisions with other libraries or your own custom properties. Simply override any design token in your own stylesheet by scoping your styles to `:root`, `:host`, the class for the specific theme you want to override (if needed), and the class for the relevant color scheme (if needed). Here's an example that changes the default brand color to violet in light mode:

```css

> :where(:root),

Reviewer: Not part of this PR, but why is this wrapped in `:where()`?

Author: I added an info callout because I'm sure other folks will have the same question. `:where(:root)` ensures that tokens defined on the root have 0 specificity so they can be overridden cleanly. We don't want tokens on the `:root` to end up taking precedence over specific classes like `.wa-dark`.

}
```

For a complete list of all custom properties used for theming, refer to `src/styles/themes/default.css` in the project's source code.

## Components

> While a theme offers a high-level way to customize the library, components offer different hooks as a low-level way to customize them individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While a themes offer a high-level way to customize the library, components offer different hooks as a low-level way to customize them individually.
```

- It encourages us to think more about how components are designed and how customizations should be allowed before users can take advantage of them. Once we opt a part into the component's API, it's guaranteed to be supported and can't be removed until a major version of the library is released.

Most (but not all) components expose parts. You can find them in each component's API documentation under the "CSS Parts" section.

## Native Elements

> If you're using [native styles](/docs/native), any custom styles added for a component should also target the corresponding native element. In general, the same styles you declare for components will work just the same to style their native counterparts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using [native styles](/docs/native), any custom styles added for a component will also target the corresponding native element. In general, the same styles you declare for components will work just the same to style their native counterparts.
```

Author: Since this is a recommendation, I think this should stay as-is. Custom styles authored by our users _won't_ also target the corresponding native elements _unless_ they specifically write them that way, which is what this sentence is meant to convey.

For example, we can give `<input type="checkbox">` the same custom styles as `<wa-checkbox>` by using the same custom properties required to style the component:
```html {.example}
<wa-checkbox>Web Awesome checkbox</wa-checkbox>
<br />
<label>
  <input type="checkbox" />
  HTML checkbox
</label>

<style>
  wa-checkbox,
  input[type="checkbox"] {
    --background-color-checked: hotpink;
    --border-color-checked: hotpink;
    --border-width: 3px;
    --checked-icon-color: lavenderblush;
  }
</style>

> ```

Reviewer: I know we're talking about tokens in this section, but is it worth emphasizing that only customizations made via tokens will be applied to components and native elements (as opposed to parts)?

Author: I added an example to show using parts to style both WA checkboxes and native checkboxes with standard CSS properties.
